Make the CoC more prominent (#177)
jump-dev/jump-dev.github.io: chatroom.md

JuMP uses the `#jump-dev` channel of the Julia community slack to discuss
developer-related aspects of JuMP.

Use the chatroom to chat about package development related to JuMP. Perhaps you
want guidance developing a new solver interface to JuMP, or you have a specific
question about why some source code is the way it is. Prefer to ask more general
usage questions on our [community forum](/forum).

Join the Julia community slack by following the link and instructions at
[https://julialang.org/slack/](https://julialang.org/slack/).

> When using the chatroom you must abide by our [Code of Conduct](/code-of-conduct).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using the chatroom, you agree to uphold the standards of our community as described in the [Code of Conduct](/code-of-conduct).
```

> By using the chatroom, you agree to uphold the standards of our community as described in the [Code of Conduct](/code-of-conduct).

Author: ```suggestion
By using the chatroom, you agree to uphold the standards of our community as
described in the [Code of Conduct](/code-of-conduct).
```
